Add MDN links, update web.dev & developer.chrome.com links (#3552)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps/how-to/window-controls-overlay.md

MDN:
* [Window Controls Overlay API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Window_Controls_Overlay_API)<!-- 1x; link is not in article body -->
* [The web app manifest](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps/Guides/Making_PWAs_installable#the_web_app_manifest) in _Making PWAs installable_ at MDN > References > Progressive web apps > Guides.<!-- 2x -->
* [Web app manifests](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Manifest) at MDN > References.<!-- 2x -->
   * [display_override](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Manifest/display_override) in manfest.<!-- 2x -->
   * [display](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Manifest/display) in manifest.<!-- 2x -->
* [`env()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/CSS/env) CSS function.<!-- 2x -->

Blog:
* [Breaking Out of the Box](https://alistapart.com/article/breaking-out-of-the-box/)<!-- 1x; link is not in article body -->
* [The Difference Between Throttling and Debouncing](https://css-tricks.com/the-difference-between-throttling-and-debouncing/)<!-- 2x -->

YouTube:

> * [Window Controls Overlay video tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvClp35dFVI)<!-- 1x; link is not in article body -->

Author: ```suggestion
* [Display content in the title bar of your desktop PWA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvClp35dFVI)<!-- 1x; link is not in article body -->
```
